far from the debt and sterility of the
cave
George is surrounded by countless forms
of life
I'm not at all upset that I was unable
to go down a big poet I'm sure they're
very things there but this is just
breathtaking
that's a huge cicada the whole the Eisen
is humble that's probably one of the
ones that wakes us up in the morning
absolute beauty variety here is is just
staggering
Wow that's the biggest thing in the
world look at it various I haven't seen
one before in the world in collections
and museums yes that uranium ore it's
certainly the biggest moth I've seen
flying the biggest cicadas in flying and
the biggest beers in flying in the world
there's a huge variety of stuff here
further along the riverbank Tyrone and
Tara are on the hunt for snakes
there are 150 species of snake in Borneo
and many come out at night in search of
prey
Tyrone catches a venomous mangrove snake
but this isn't what he's really after
while gathering wood one of the boatman
caught a glimpse of a far more dangerous
snake young man sir corporate earlier
and says it's an ax nest and though he
was reluctant we've convinced him to
show us where it is
Cobras of course are venomous that can
be very dangerous and deadly really
freaky if I was here on my own I
wouldn't be here oh geez there it is
it's moving you guys it's a female on a
nest of leaves looks like a Cobra all
right the king cobra
it moves fast enough but this is as
close as I'm going to get Wow awesome
the king cobras raised hood is a clear
threat display it says back off or I'll
bite
I like the motion I like the mystery I
like the way to thing move this one's
particularly beautiful I think I think
it's probably one of the more deadlifts
makes me more his female is protecting a
clutch of up to 40 eggs seeing a king
cobra is a good sign
they're top predators eating only other
snakes they can only survive in a rich
and diverse habitat she's gone under the
leaves now and we don't know where she
could pop up and she also may have a
maid around so I think we've outstayed
our welcome let's back up okay